their media queries. So you can size up fonts
for like tablet display, that kind of thing.
So there aren't media queries um the way you would
size up front is that you would use the size
of your screen. So for example there is um
okay so for example in this theme file um for
example if you did fund sizes so something that I
always do fund sizes uh for my apps is I
would do fund size 14, just 14 like et
cetera. So you would have Really, I think
80 kind of small business, small as you would
go, so you do 8 12 14 16 et
cetera. Um And then if you were on a
larger device, what you could do is you could
import um dimensions from react native and then you can
use these dimensions. So for example actually do const
screen with is dimensions get well so you can use
this window or screen. Uh I think Windows is
better to be honest. And so oh so this
is where you get the scale as well. So
the so you got pixel density and actually it comes
with a fun scale which I think is a user
defined property. So you could use this to like
choose the right front that you would need for your
particular platform. Um and then basically like in your
theme objects when you define it you could say okay
, so depending on the properties of the user device
, Make these like different. So even though it's
fun size eight so say that you are a tablet
, it would be like eight times, you know
1.2 um also be that. So you scale it
up in the theme um you know theme file and
that's the benefit of having a theme file because you
changed it in one place and then your whole actual
scale automatically and just in case you didn't know if
you ever need to reference the screen size, there
is a hook which is called um use window dimensions
. So this is from react native and this basically
gives you the width and height of the window.
So if for example you need to for some reason
you need to know exactly how big the screen is
and then like size your content accordingly. You can
use this as a hook and this is equivalent of
importing dimensions from react native and doing dimensions get window
dot height or dot width but the benefit is that
it's a hook which means that if for example you
user rotates their phone which means that the width and
height become inverted. This would know about it and
would fire and then automatically update. Is there any
way to set global styles? I'm glad you asked
that. So what I do almost always is basically
in components, I would create a text component.
So usually it would be like whatever the app is
called text so I don't know app text and then
this component would have the font style, we have
the phone style done, I would have the phone
style applied to present what you do import, react
from react and then export const up text um seven
I mean see Cool. And then this will return
a text and then this should act exactly like your
normal text would so just pass in the text Children
so import text. Mhm Yeah, it's mhm Okay
. And then this would have a fun style apply
to it. And then you can also um add
props, you can you can have this have the
text props um so that text uh text base.
Okay there we go. Text pops I knew it
was an important Okay, so if you give this
the text props right then um it will like any
of the properties that the text has like this could
have as well. So you do Children crops and
then apply it to your text. Right? And
where the front comes in. So if I do
a type yeah text type. So this will be
text props And so this is how you can combine
types. So you want to use all the types
of text was going to have anyway. And then
some custom types and then here you can set a
font family and um hey, I would usually use
like an o once you could do bold Thank you
there uh metallic. Right, so the component where
you use it like it doesn't need to know what
exactly the font is called because really in a component
you want to know. Okay, so Boulder's regular
italic or um if you have two kinds of fund
, I think most apps have like to different funds
. So one would be set up in one sense
they're affecting. It's pretty common. Then you could
say like, like which like style it is depending
on europe. And then you could use the font
family here, let's go where you basically pass in
style. Which so it would need to extend the
styles that you get um start with this. Mm
hmm caller. Oh yeah, Yes. So you
would need to step back. Thank you. I'm
not saying it's not used. Okay, cool.
Yeah. So here like because the user, you
could set extra styles on this text. The department
style. But then as as well as the style
you could say that Oh if um like fun family
would be like mhm On style. Mhm wrecked.
You smell. O And here you could get the
actual fun style based on the font family that user
passed in. So if one family he calls,
it's a bold return. Tell me scream. Mhm
I also complete. Isn't working all the time.
It's very frustrating. So import team from same.
So theme docked one family build and then you could
apply it if I'm still here. Mm hmm.
Mhm And it's dependencies. Right? Right. So
effectually like this is on high level how it would
work. And then usually I would add all the
different properties that I would need. So for example
, for the size, Like like I would set
the sizes that I support in the app. So
I can say you can only do eight or 10
or 10 or 12 et cetera. So this kind
of gives you an api for like all the valid
things, different family size um color like anything you
need. So then if you in your app,
when you use text rather than using a text element
and style it, then you would use the app
text and then basically would work the same way you
would pass in just a text and the properties.
Um Yeah. And then a goal for me for
this tax element is that you would never need to
pass it style into it. So the idea is
that if you were to use you're up text uh
text. All right. So then I could do
fun family bold to see that when I did fun
family. It gives me all the options which is
super handy. I don't need to go to any
other file and also size. I didn't pass some
styles size. But the idea is here that like
you should never like ideally you don't have to pass
in any other styles for this text. So like
your one and only app text will will have all
the different variants